Add Seal whitepaper v2 and update Design documentation (#586)
MystenLabs/seal: docs/content/Design.mdx

  - decentralization
---

> > For a comprehensive technical analysis and formal security proofs, see the [Seal Whitepaper](./Seal_White_Paper_v2.pdf). The latest version (v2) incorporates the design and analysis of MPC committees as Key Servers.

Reviewer: - 
```suggestion
> For a comprehensive technical analysis and formal security proofs, see the [Seal Whitepaper](./Seal_White_Paper_v2.pdf). The latest version (v2) incorporates the design and analysis of MPC committees for the decentralized mode key server. 
```
